Fix mistakes in AEX-141 (#145)
aeternity/AEXs: AEXS/aex-141.md

```sophia
contract interface NFT =
    datatype metadata_type = URL | IPFS | OBJECT_ID | MAP

>     datatype metadata = String(string) | Map(string, string)

Reviewer: @arjanvaneersel also here I am not sure if that's needed. I think we can only use `String` instead of `String(string)` in the interface. any comment on that @thepiwo @bogdan-manole @ghallak ?

Author: With me it wouldn't compile without the String. It's because of the variatype String takes a string.

Reviewer: I will let some Sophia dev have another look at the definition and the example implementation. but I think we have to keep it like you defined it 👍

### meta_data\(\)

> Returns meta data associated with a token. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns meta data associated with an NFT. 
```

The function is a part of the basic interface, because metadata can be set in the constructor, 
as well as by implementing the Mintable extention.

```sophia

> entrypoint metadata(id int) : option(metadata)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
entrypoint metadata(token_id: int) : option(metadata)
```

### balance\(\)

> Returns the account balance of another account with address `owner` if the account has a balance. If the owner address is unknown to the contract `None` will be returned. Using `option` type as a return value allows us to determine if the account has balance of 0, more than 0, or the account has never had balance and is still unknown to the contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the account balance of another account with address `owner` if the account has a balance. If the owner address is unknown to the contract, `None` will be returned. Using `option` type as a return value allows us to determine if the account has balance of 0, more than 0, or the account has never had balance and is still unknown to the contract.
```

```sophia

> entrypoint balance(owner address) : option(int)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
entrypoint balance(owner: address) : option(int)
```

### owner\(\)

> Returns the owner's address for the provided `token` if the token is minted. If the token isn't minted `None` will be returned. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the owner's address for the provided `token_id` if the NFT is minted. If the NFT isn't minted, `None` will be returned. 
```

```sophia

> entrypoint owner(token int) : option(address)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
entrypoint owner(token_id: int) : option(address)
```

| owner | option(address) |

### transfer\(\)

> Transfers `token` from the `from` address to the `to` address. Will invoke `NFTReceiver` if `to` is a contract. If provided `data` will be submitted with the invocation of `NFTReceiver`. Emits the `Transfer` event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transfers NFT with ID `token_id` from the `from` address to the `to` address. Will invoke `NFTReceiver` if `to` address belongs to a contract. If provided, `data` will be submitted with the invocation of `NFTReceiver`. Emits the `Transfer` event.
```

- the invocation of `NFTReceiver` fails.

```sophia

> stateful transfer(from address, to address, token int, data option(string)) : unit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stateful entrypoint transfer(from: address, to: address, token_id: int, data: option(string)) : unit
```

> Sets the `approved` address to interact on behalf of an owner for the `token`. If `enabled` is true the operator is approved, if `false` the approval is revoked. Throws unless caller is the current NFT owner, or an authorized operator of the current owner. Emits the `Approval` event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the `approved` address to interact on behalf of an owner for the NFT with ID `token_id`. If `enabled` is true the `operator` address is approved, if `false` the approval is revoked. Throws unless caller is the current NFT owner, or an authorized operator of the current owner. Emits the `Approval` event.
```

> Sets the `approved` address to interact on behalf of an owner for the `token`. If `enabled` is true the operator is approved, if `false` the approval is revoked. Throws unless caller is the current NFT owner, or an authorized operator of the current owner. Emits the `Approval` event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the `approved` address to interact on behalf of an owner for the NFT with ID `token_id`. If `enabled` is true, the `operator` address is approved, if `false` the approval is revoked. Throws unless caller is the current NFT owner, or an authorized operator of the current owner. Emits the `Approval` event.
```

```sophia

> stateful entrypoint approve(approved address, token int, enabled bool) : unit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stateful entrypoint approve(approved: address, token_id: int, enabled: bool) : unit
```

> Enables or disables approval for an `operator` to manage all of the caller's assets. If `enabled` is true the operator is approved, if `false` the approval is revoked. Emits the `ApprovalForAll` event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables or disables approval for an `operator` address to manage all of the caller's NFTs. If `enabled` is true, the `operator` address is approved, if `false`, the approval is revoked. Emits the `ApprovalForAll` event.
```

```sophia

> stateful entrypoint approve_all(operator address, enabled bool) : unit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stateful entrypoint approve_all(operator: address, enabled: bool) : unit
```

> Returns the address approved to interact with the `token` or returns None if no approval has been set. Throws if `token` is an invalid token ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the address approved to interact with the NFT with ID `token_id` or returns `None` if no approval has been set. Throws if NFT with ID `token_id` does not exist.
```

> Returns the address approved to interact with the `token` or returns None if no approval has been set. Throws if `token` is an invalid token ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the address approved to interact with the NFT with ID `token_id` or returns `None` if no approval has been set. Throws if NFT with ID `token_id` does not exist.
```

```sophia

> entrypoint get_approved(token int) : option(address)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
entrypoint get_approved(token_id: int) : option(address)
```

> Returns `true` if `approved` is approved to transact for `token`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns `true` if `approved` address is approved to transact for NFT with ID `token_id`.
```

```sophia

> entrypoint is_approved(token int, approved address) : bool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
entrypoint is_approved(token_id: int, approved: address) : bool
```

Indicates wether an address is an authorized operator for another address.

```sophia

> entrypoint is_approved_for_all(owner address, operator address) : bool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
entrypoint is_approved_for_all(owner: address, operator: address) : bool
```

> The event arguments should be as follows: `(from_account, to_account, token_id)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The event arguments should be as follows: `(from, to, token_id)`
```

Throws if the call to NFTReceiver implementation failed (safe transfer). 

```sophia

> stateful entrypoint mint(owner address, metadata option(metadata), data option(string)) : int

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stateful entrypoint mint(owner: address, metadata: option(metadata), data: option(string)) : int
```

```

| parameter | type | 
| :--- | :--- | 
| owner | address |
| metadata | option(metadata) |
| data  | option(string) | 

| return | type |
| :--- | :--- |
| token_id | int |

## Extension Burnable ("burnable")

### burn\(\)

> Burns the token with the provided token id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Burns the NFT with the provided `token_id`.
```

Emits the `Transfer` event.

```sophia

> stateful entrypoint burn(token: int) : unit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stateful entrypoint burn(token_id: int) : unit
```

### check_swap\(\)

> Returns the amount of tokens that were burned trough `swap` for the provided account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the amount of NFTs that were burned through `swap` for the provided account. 
```

### swapped\(\)

> Returns all of the swapped tokens that are stored in contract state. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns all of the swapped NFTs that are stored in contract state. 
```

```sophia
contract interface NFTReceiver = 

>     entrypoint onNFTReceived : (address, address, int, option(string)) => bool

Reviewer: let's keep the old state and adjust the example implementation accordingly

```suggestion
    entrypoint on_nft_received : (address, address, int, option(string)) => bool
```

```

### on_nft_received\(\)

Deals with receiving NFTs on behalf of a contract. Contracts MUST implement this interface to be able to receive NFTs. Mint and transfer transactions will invoke the `on_nft_received` function.

> Returns `true` or `false` to signal whether processing the received token was successful or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns `true` or `false` to signal whether processing the received NFT was successful or not.
```

```sophia

> entrypoint on_nft_received(from: address, to: address, token: int, data: option(string)) : bool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
entrypoint on_nft_received(from: address, to: address, token_id: int, data: option(string)) : bool
```
